# 12. Character limit

## 1. array xnpTrimString \(string str, int length, string enc = null\)

From the beginning of str, cut out a character string that is less than length bytes and is not in the middle of multibyte character / numeric character reference.

### 1.1. Input

* str: string
* length: number of bytes to cut out
* enc: str encoding. If it is null, it will be automatically determined.

### 1.2. Return value

* array \(cut out string, remaining string\)

## 2. void xnpTrimColumn \(array & assoc, string table\_without\_prefix, array names = null, string enc = null\)

Cut out only the part that fits in the DB from multiple character strings.

### 2.1. Input

* assoc: Associative array array \(column name =&gt; string\).
* table\_without\_prefix: table name \(excluding prefix\)
* names: An array of column names. Specify the character string to be processed in assoc. If it is null, it will be processed.
* enc: str encoding. If it is null, it will be automatically determined.

### 2.2. Return value

* None. After executing the function, assoc will be array \(column name =&gt; cut out character string\).

## 3. void xnpConfirmHtml \(array & assoc, string table\_without\_prefix, array names = null, string enc = null\)

Generate \(the part that fits in the DB, the part that does not fit, the html for displaying the confirmation screen, the html of the character string\) from multiple character strings.

### 3.1. Input

* assoc: Associative array array \(column name =&gt; array \('value' =&gt; string\)\).
* table\_without\_prefix: table name \(excluding prefix\)
* names: An array of column names. Specify the character string to be processed in assoc. If it is null, it will be processed.
* enc: str encoding. If it is null, it will be automatically determined.

### 3.2. Return value

* None. The cut out result is written to assoc. After executing the function, assoc is array \(column name =&gt; array \('value'=&gt; confirmation screen display html,'within'=&gt; fit part,'without'=&gt; fit part,'html\_string' =&gt; character string It becomes html\)\)\).

## 4. bool xnpHasWithout \(array assoc\)

Check the result of xnpConfirmHtml and return whether there is a character string that does not fit in the DB.

### 4.1. Input

* assoc: assoc passed to xnpConfirmHtml.

### 4.2. Return value

* If there is a character string that does not fit in the DB, true is returned.

## 5. array xnpGetColumnLengths \(string table\_without\_prefix\)

Get the size of each column of the table \(string type / binary type only\).

### 5.1. Input

* table\_without\_prefix: Table name \(excluding prefix\).

### 5.2. Return value

* Associative array array \(column name =&gt; size \(bytes\)\)

## 6. string xnpWithinWithoutHtml \(string within, string without\)

Generates HTML that is partially red for the confirmation screen.

### 6.1. Input

* within: A character string that should be displayed in black.
* without: A character string that should be displayed in red.

### 6.2. Return value

* HTML with a red without string after the within string

