# 13. Other

### 1. double xnpGetTotalFileSize \(array iids\)

Returns the total file size of the items specified by iids.

#### 1.1. Input

* iids: array of item\_id

#### 1.2. Return value

Total file size of items specified by iids \(byte\)

### 2. bool xnpIsPending \(int item\_id\)

Checks if the item is currently Pending and returns a boolean value.

#### 2.1. Input

* item\_id: ID of the item to be examined

#### 2.2. Return value

* true: There is an index waiting for approval \(pending\)
* false: No index awaiting approval

### 3. string xnpGetTopBlock \(string moduleName, string displayName, string iconPath, string explanation, string subtypeVarName, array subtypes\)

XooNIps module Returns the HTML of the block to be displayed on the top page.

#### 3.1. Input

* moduleName: module name
* displayName: Item type display name
* iconPath: Item type icon \(relative path from XOOPS\_URL / modules / module name /\)
* explanation: Item type description
* subtypeVarName: Variable name of the variable that specifies the item subtype during advanced search. If there is no subtype, specify false.
* subtypes: An associative array of item subtypes \(key = item subtype name, value = item subtype display name\). If there is no subtype, specify false.

#### 3.2. Return value

HTML of the block to be displayed on the top page

#### 3.3. Screen

\(abridgement\)

#### 3.4. Transmission data

Send the following variables.

* Click the item type name → Send the following to itemselect.php.
  * $ \_POST \['op'\] ='itemtypesearch'
  * $ \_POST \['search\_itemtype'\] = \(module name\)
* Click the item subtype name → Send the following to itemselect.php.
  * $ \_POST \['op'\] ='itemsubtypesearch'
  * $ \_POST \[\(module name\)\] ='on'
  * $ \_POST \[\(variable name of variable that specifies item subtype during advanced search\)\] = \(item subtype name\)
  * $ \_POST \['search\_var \[\]'\] = \(module name\)
  * $ \_POST \['search\_var \[\]'\] = \(variable name of variable that specifies item subtype during advanced search\)

### 4. bool xnpIsAttachmentModified \(string file\_type\_name, int item\_id\)

Checks whether the attachment file of the item specified by item\_id whose file type name matches file\_type\_name has been changed.

\* It does not work properly except on the item edit content confirmation screen.

#### 4.1. Input

* item\_id: Item ID to be compared
* file\_type\_name: xoonips\_file\_type File type name registered in the table

#### 4.2. Return value

* true: There was a change
* false: No change

### 5. string xnpISO8601 \(int year, int month, int day\)

Format the date in ISO 8601 format.

#### 5.1. Input

* year: Year.
* month: Month. If it is 0, the month and day are not output.
* day: day. If it is 0, the day is not output.

#### 5.2. Return value

* If month is 0, a string in YYYY format
* If month is non-zero and day is 0, then a string in YYYY-MM format
* If both month and day are non-zero, a string in YYYY-MM-DD format

### 6. string xnpDate \(int year, int month, int day\)

Format the date.

#### 6.1. Input

* year: Year.
* month: Month. If it is 0, the month and day are not output.
* day: day. If it is 0, the day is not output.

#### 6.2. Return value

* If month is 0, the year format string \(eg 2006\)
* If month is non-zero and day is 0, then a string in month-year format \(eg Jan 2006\)
* If both month and day are non-zero, then the month / day / year format string \(eg Jan 1, 2006\)

\* Dates before 1970 or after 2038 may not be output correctly.

### 7. bool xnpExportFile \(string export\_path, resource fhdl, int item\_id\)

The information of the attached file is output to the export file.

Use this function when you want to include the attachment information in the export file with the ExportItem function of each item type.

#### 7.1. Input

* export\_path: Pass the export\_path argument passed to the ExportItem function of each item type as it is.
* fhdl: output file handle
* item\_id: Item ID.

#### 7.2. Return value

* true: Success
* false: failure

