# 15. Simple search

Define the process to create a simple search query in the following function of the item type module.

* function &lt;module name&gt; GetDetailInformationQuickSearchQuery \(& $ wheres, & $ join, $ keywords\)
  * Arguments: $ wheres \(array of expressions used in SQL WHERE clause\)
  * Arguments: $ join \(expression used for SQL JOIN clause\)
  * Arguments: $ keywords \(array of search terms\)
  * Return value: None

The meaning of $ join is the same as GetAdvancedSearchQuery. See [Chapter 16. Advanced Search](https://xoonips.osdn.jp/manuals/itemtype-340/advancedsearch.html) .

In $ wheres, you need to write the following array.

* The number of elements in $ wheres is the same as the number of elements in $ keywords
* $ wheres \[n\] is an SQL expression that represents "Detail Information contains $ keywords \[n\]"

However, if you know in advance that Detail Information does not contain any keywords, you can leave it alone in $ wheres.

Other points to note are as follows.

* xoops\_ \(module name\) \_item\_detail is JOINed by default, so there is no need to write it in $ join. If there is no other table to JOIN, you don't have to write anything in $ join.
* Be sure to specify the column in the SQL expression including the table name.
  * Example:'pubmed\_id' → $ xoopsDB-&gt; prefix \('xnppaper\_item\_detail'\).'. Pubmed\_id'
* You can use xnpGetKeywordsQueries to generate $ wheres.

See also the following functions.

* xnpGetKeywordQuery
* xnpGetKeywordsQueries

