# 19. Export

Items and indexes are expressed in XML and exported. Be sure to define the following functions in the item type module that you want to support Export.

### 1. License agreement

It is necessary to return the license statement to XooNIps as to whether or not a license agreement is required for exporting. Define the following function for the item type.

* function &lt;module name&gt; GetLicenseRequired \($ item\_id\)
  * Arguments: item\_id \(item ID\)
  * Return value: true if agreement is required
* function &lt;module name&gt; GetLicenseStatement \($ item\_id\)
  * Arguments: item\_id \(item ID\)
  * Return value: array \(license statement, use\_cc\). When using a Creative Commons license, set the license statement to html and set use\_cc to non-false. If there is no license, set the return value to NULL.

### 2. Export Detail Information

Outputs a character string that expresses the detail information of the item type in XML to a file. Item type-specific tags can be defined within tags that start with &lt;DETAIL&gt; and end with &lt;/ DETAIL&gt;.

* function &lt;module name&gt; ExportItem \($ export\_path, $ fhdl, $ item\_id, $ attachment\)
  * Argument: export\_path \(When exporting the attachment, pass this argument as the first argument of xnpExportFile\)
  * Arguments: fhdl \(output file handle\)
  * Arguments: item\_id \(item ID\)
  * Arguments: attachment \(true if you export the attachment, false if you don't\)
  * Return value: true if successful. If it fails, false.

See also the following functions.

* xnpExportFile

