# 22. Request for agreement before download

Before downloading the attached file, we will ask for a license agreement and a download notification agreement. For that purpose, the item type implements the following function.

* A function that returns the presence or absence of a license agreement request
* Function that returns the presence or absence of download notification
* A function that generates a block that queries an agreement

There are four types of agreement patterns:

* License and download notification agreement required
* License agreement required
* Download notification agreement required
* No agreement required

For attachments that require a license agreement, the system presents the item's license statement to the user for agreement. When notifying a download, the system informs the user that the download will be notified and asks for their consent. If you do not agree, you will not be able to download.

To use this function, you need to define the following &lt;module name&gt; GetDownloadConfirmationBlock \($ item\_id, $ download\_file\_id\).

See also the following items.

* xnpGetAttachmentDetailBlock
* xnpGetDownloadConfirmationBlock
* &lt;Module name&gt; GetDownloadConfirmationBlock

## 1. Whether or not there is a license agreement request

Use the following function in the item type module to return whether a pre-download agreement is required.

```text
bool <module name> GetDownloadConfirmationRequired ($ item_id)
```

* Return value: true \(requires agreement before download\)
* Return value: false \(no agreement required before download\)

## 2. Presence / absence of download notification

You can notify the item creator of the download of the attachment. Please implement the following function that returns the necessity of notification. Item types without implementation are considered unannounced.

```text
bool <module name> GetAttachmentDownloadNotifyOption ($ item_id)
```

* Argument item\_id: ID of the item that has the attachment to download
* Return value: true \(notify download\)
* Return value: false \(do not notify download\)

## 3. Agreement request block

Define the following function that returns a block for consensus.

```text
string <module name> GetDownloadConfirmationBlock ($ item_id, $ download_file_id)
```

* Argument item\_id: ID of the item
* Argument download\_file\_id: ID of the file to download.
* Return value: Block asking for agreement between license and download notification

Call the function xnpGetDownloadConfirmationBlock \(\) and return the return value as it is.

See also the following items.

* xnpGetDownloadConfirmationBlock

