---
description: >-
  Functions frequently used for item management are defined in the common
  library. The typical ones are listed below.
---

# 6. Common library

## 1. Basic Information

The following processing related to Basic Information is defined.

* Data processing
  * Registration
  * update
  * Delete
* Form creation
  * Registration
  * Edit
  * List display
    * For screen display
    * For printing
  * Detail View
    * For screen display
    * For printing
  * detailed search

## 2. Index keyword

The following processing related to index keywords is defined.

* Index item

  Registers the item in the specified index.

* Remove item from index

  Deletes the indexed items from the index

* Form creation
  * Registration Form
  * Registration confirmation screen
  * Edit form
  * Edit confirmation screen
  * Detail View
    * For screen display
    * For printing

## 3. Detail Information

Item type defines the registration, editing, deletion, etc. of Detail Information. However, the features that many item types are likely to use in common are defined in the common library. The following processes are individually defined for these functions.

### 3.1. Attachment

Register the file in the item. The registered file can be downloaded when browsing.

### 3.2. Attachment download restrictions

Restricts the download of item attachments when registering or editing items. You can choose between allowing only the logged-in user to download and allowing all users, including guests, to download.

However, this cannot be selected if this setting is disabled with administrator privileges.

### 3.3. Image file

Register the image file in the item. You can add a caption to the image and register it. The registered image is displayed when viewed and can be downloaded.

### 3.4. Text

Register texts such as license text and ReadMe in the item. You can choose to read the contents of the text file and register it, or enter it from the keyboard.

